What do you say?
Why are you lying?
You haven't done this before
What do you know, you idiot?
Think again.
Madam
I remember now.
That Shen Guiying's scar was indeed sung by my mother
I have one more thing to say
Shen Guiying, she was not abducted
Then the gold lock is not hers either.
In fact, that gentleman just gave me a lot of money
Let my mother pay me back
Housekeeping for Shen Guiying
Zhao Zhigao, what nonsense are you talking about?
Yes!
Madam, those words of Zhao Xiangru before that
It's all Mr. taught them to make up
You see, he also gave us a lot of money
What happened to Bucheon?
Mengjie, this card was not given by me.
Li Xiufang is Zhao Xiangrong's biological mother
Naturally lie for her
Your dad still called the gourd in the hospital
You know what to do.
Madam, the old lady was indeed framed